Document missing sysvars (#6485)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/aggregate-group-by-functions.md

The following aggregate functions are currently unsupported in TiDB. You can track our progress in [TiDB #7623](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/7623):

- `JSON_ARRAYAGG`

## Related system variables

> The `group_concat_max_len` sets the maximum numbre of items for the `GROUP_CONCAT()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `group_concat_max_len` variable sets the maximum number of items for the `GROUP_CONCAT()` function.
```
